v1.19 Windows OS version support + containerd doc updates (#21652)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/windows/intro-windows-in-kubernetes.md

### Supported Functionality

#### Windows OS Version Support

>  Refer to the following table for Windows operating system support in Kubernetes. A single heterogeneous Kubernetes cluster can have both Windows and Linux worker nodes. Windows containers have to be scheduled on Windows nodes and Linux containers on Linux nodes.

Reviewer: extra space before the word "refer"

| Kubernetes version | Windows Server LTSC releases | Windows Server SAC releases |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| *Kubernetes v1.14* | Windows Server 2019 | Windows Server ver 1809 |
| *Kubernetes v1.15* | Windows Server 2019 | Windows Server ver 1809 |
| *Kubernetes v1.16* | Windows Server 2019 | Windows Server ver 1809 |
| *Kubernetes v1.17* | Windows Server 2019 | Windows Server ver 1809 |
| *Kubernetes v1.18* | Windows Server 2019 | Windows Server ver 1809, Windows Server ver 1903, Windows Server ver 1909 |
| *Kubernetes v1.19* | Windows Server 2019 | Windows Server ver 1909, Windows Server ver 2004 |

{{< note >}}
Information on the different Windows Server servicing channels including their support models can be found at [Windows Server servicing channels](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started-19/servicing-channels-19).

> {{ /note >}}

Reviewer 2: This shortcode is invalid. I think you mean:
```suggestion
{{< /note >}}
```

Reviewer 3: thanks! resolved

Windows containers with process isolation have strict compatibility rules, [where the host OS version must match the container base image OS version](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/version-compatibility). Once we support Windows containers with Hyper-V isolation in Kubernetes, the limitation and compatibility rules will change.
{{< /note >}}

#### Compute

> From an API and kubectl perspective, Windows containers behave in much the same way as Linux-based containers. However, there are some notable differences in key functionality which are outlined in the limitation section.

Reviewer 2: nit: hyperlink to the list of limitations.

Reviewer 3: thanks! resolved

##### CRI-ContainerD

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.19" state="beta" >}}

> ContainerD is an OCI-compliant runtime that works with Kubernetes on Linux. Kubernetes v1.18 adds support for {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="containerd" text="ContainerD" >}} on Windows. Progress for ContainerD on Windows can be tracked at [enhancements#1001](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1001).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[containerd](https://containerd.io/) is an OCI-compliant runtime that works with Kubernetes. You can
use containerd with Linux nodes and, as a beta feature, on Windows.
```

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.14" state="stable" >}}

Docker EE-basic 19.03+ is the recommended container runtime for all Windows Server versions. This works with the dockershim code included in the kubelet.

##### CRI-ContainerD

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.19" state="beta" >}}

> {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="containerd" text="ContainerD" >}} 1.4.0-beta.1+ can also be used as the container runtime for Windows Kubernetes nodes.

Reviewer 4: Perhaps add a hyperlink to https://github.com/containerd/containerd/releases/tag/v1.4.0-beta.1 ?

Reviewer 3: I updated to point to a doc that shows how to configure on a windows node.  does that covers this sufficiently?
